my biggest marking win if you had a
guess what do you think my biggest
marketing win was leave a comment with
what you think it is
i'll give you a hint it involved seo
social media email marketing and even
releasing a tool for free on my website
well it's not a specific channel it's
actually leveraging all channels in
essence my biggest win is using omni
channel marketing
see i saw this from being in the
marketing industry for over 20 years
over time platforms change and as they
change sometimes you end up on the
winning end and a lot of times you end
up on the losing end in most cases
you'll end up on the losing end so what
do you do you leverage all the channels
for what they are
you let them drive you traffic and brand
awareness as much as possible on this
for as long as possible but the moment
their algorithm changed and it doesn't
favor of you of course try to adapt you
won't always get the results you want
and that's okay just leverage them for
as long as you humanly possibly can and
keep in mind something is better than
nothing i know that is a cheesy answer
on my biggest marketing win i just focus
on all the channels because i knew over
time and i've seen it no matter what
channel you go after the algorithms over
time won't always favor you so you have
to be prepared for that just look at
some of the biggest companies microsoft
apple ibm accenture or even airbnb none
of them generate all their sales even
traffic from one channel they'll
leverage as many as possible it doesn't
matter if one channel can't scale as
well as another or if one channel is as
profitable as another channel as long as
you can get traffic and they're
profitable you keep doing them as long
as possible take advantage of them don't
nitpick just be happy that you found
this other opportunity that will also
provide you with more growth the more
you add into your marketing mix the
better off you will be it's a numbers
game remember no one marketing channel
builds a company in today's day and age
it's a number game now if you need help
expanding your marketing channels check
out my ad agency np digital if you're on
one or two or even three marketing
channels that's your focus you're making
a big mistake and i've been there and
i've seen companies get slapped for this
but when you take that omni channel
approach you're going to be way better
off your business is going to be much
more resilient and you're going to
continually grow over time and as i
mentioned you need help with this check
out my ad agency if you enjoyed this
video you know like it tell people about
it and if you have any questions leave a
comment below i'm here to help of course